Web summit survival guide update (#3775)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/blog/fusionauth-web-summit.mdx

---

> publish_date: 2025-06-13

Reviewer: Would suggest refreshing this every May if it's good traffic.

> 

Reviewer: Please add Bluesky above, just below Youtube

Bluesky - [https://bsky.app/profile/websummit.bsky.social](https://bsky.app/profile/websummit.bsky.social)

> You’ve read my whole guide, wow!!! So that gets you a ticket to our FusionAuth exclusive event on night one. Simply [register here](https://fusionauth.link/ws-blog) and I’ll personally send you an invite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You’ve read my whole guide, wow!!! Have a great time in Lisbon this fall and I hope to see you there!
```

**Don’t know FusionAuth?**

> FusionAuth adds login, registration, SSO, MFA, and a bazillion other features to your app in days - not months. [Get started](/get-started) for free.

Reviewer: I still think we should have a big orange button for these kinds of CTAs. 

And that you should track internally which 'get started' links lead to contact us submissions. (Maybe you do and I don't know about it.)

But that's more of a grumpy old man comment than a showstopper.
